Include "GitHub Usage" (#1587)
NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget: docs/consume-packages/Finding-and-Choosing-Packages.md

    ![Download statistics on a package's listing page](media/Finding-03-Downloads.png)

> - *GitHub Usage*: on the package page, the **GitHub Usage** sections lists the top GitHub repositories that depend on this package. A package that is depended on by many popular GitHub repositories is typically a better choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *GitHub Usage*: on the package page, the **GitHub Usage** section lists the top GitHub repositories that depend on this package. A package that many popular GitHub repositories depend on is typically a better choice.
```
